The scientific term for brain freeze is “sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia”.

Canadians say “sorry” so much that a law was passed in 2009 declaring that an apology can’t be used as evidence of admission to guilt.

Back when dinosaurs existed, there used to be volcanoes that were erupting on the moon.

The only letter that doesn’t appear on the periodic table is J.

One habit of intelligent humans is being easily annoyed by people around them, but saying nothing in order to avoid a meaningless argument.

If a Polar Bear and a Grizzly Bear mate, their offspring is called a “Pizzy Bear”.

In 2006, a Coca-Cola employee offered to sell Coca-Cola secrets to Pepsi. Pepsi responded by notifying Coca-Cola.

There were two AI chatbots created by Facebook to talk to each other, but they were shut down after they started communicating in a language they made for themselves.

Nintendo trademarked the phrase “It’s on like Donkey Kong” in 2010.

Calling “shotgun” when riding in a car comes from the term “shotgun messenger”.

The famous line in Titanic from Leonardo DiCaprio, “I’m king of the world!” was improvised.

A single strand of Spaghetti is called a “Spaghetto”.

There is actually a difference between coffins and caskets – coffins are typically tapered and six-sided, while caskets are rectangular.

Sunflowers can help clean radioactive soil. Japan is using this to rehabilitate Fukashima. Almost 10,000 packets of sunflower seeds have been sold to the people of the city.

To leave a party without telling anyone is called in English, a “French Exit”. In French, it’s called a “partir à l’anglaise”, to leave like the English.

If you cut down a cactus in Arizona, you be penalized up to 25 years in jail. It is similar to cutting down a protected tree species.

The Buddha commonly depicted in statues and pictures is a different person entirely. The real Buddha was actually incredibly skinny because of self-deprivation.

In Colorado, USA, there is still an active volcano. It last erupted about the same time as the pyramids were being built in Egypt.

The first movie ever to put out a motion-picture soundtrack was Snow White and the Seven Dwarves.

If you point your car keys to your head, it increases the remote’s signal range.

In order to protect themselves from poachers, African Elephants have been evolving without tusks, which unfortunately also hurts their species.

The scientific name for Giant Anteater is Myrmecophaga Tridactyla. This means “ant eating with three fingers”.

Originally, cigarette filters were made out of cork, the look of which was incorporated into today’s pattern.

In 1923, a jockey suffered a fatal heart attack but his horse finished and won the race, making him the first and only jockey to win a race after death.

At birth, a baby panda is smaller than a mouse.

Iceland does not have a railway system.

The largest known prime number has 17,425,170 digits. The new prime number is 2 multiplied by itself 57,885,161 times, minus 1.

Forrest Fenn, an art dealer and author, hid a treasure chest in the Rocky Mountains worth over 1 million dollars. It still has not been found.

The lead singer of The Offspring started attending school to achieve a doctorate in molecular biology while still in the band. He graduated in May 2017.

The world’s largest grand piano was built by a 15-year-old in New Zealand.

In order to keep Nazis away, a Polish doctor faked a typhus outbreak. This strategy staved 8,000 people.

After the release of the 1996 film Scream, which involved an anonymous killer calling and murdering his victims, Caller ID usage tripled in the United States.

The spiked dog collar was invented by the Ancient Greeks to protect their dogs from wolf attacks.

Jack Daniel (the founder of the whiskey) died from kicking a safe. When he kicked it, he broke his toe which got infected. He eventually died from blood poisoning.

There is a boss in Metal Gear Solid 3 that can be defeated by not playing the game for a week; or by changing the date.

The Roman – Persian wars are the longest in history, lasting over 680 years. They began in 54 BC and ended in 628 AD.

Elton John tried to commit suicide once by sticking his head in an oven with the gas on low and windows open. He was found and stopped by his best friend Bernie Taupin.

If you translate “Jesus” from Hebrew to English, the correct translation is “Joshua”. The name “Jesus” comes from translating the name from Hebrew, to Greek, to Latin, to English.

Ed Sheeran bought a ticket to LA with no contacts. He was spotted by Jamie Foxx, who offered him the use of his recording studio and a bed in his Hollywood home for six weeks.

German Chocolate Cake is named after an American baker by the name of Samuel German.

The first service animals were established in Germany during World War I. References to service animals date as far back as the mid-16th Century.

An 11-year-old girl proposed the name for Pluto after the Roman god of the Underworld.

The voice actor of SpongeBob and the voice actor of Karen, Plankton’s computer wife, have been married since 1995.

An Italian banker, Gilberto Baschiera is considered a modern-day Robin Hood. Over the course of 7 years, he secretly diverted 1 million euros to poorer clients from the wealthy ones so they could qualify for loans. He made no profit and avoided jail in 2018 due to a plea bargain.

Octopuses and squids have beaks. The beak is made of keratin – the same material that a bird’s beak, and our fingernails are made of.

An estimated 50% of all gold ever mined on Earth came from a single plateau in South Africa: Witwatersrand.

75% of the world’s diet is produced from just 12 plant and five different animal species.

The original Star Wars premiered on just 32 screens across the U.S. in 1977. This was to produce buzz as the release widened to more theaters.

The British government coined the slogan, “Keep Calm and Carry on” during World War 2 in order to motivate citizens to stay strong.

Apple paid a couple $1.7 million dollars for their plot of land, which was only worth $181,700.

Tirana, the capital of Albania has a lot of things in common with other European capitals – except one.  It’s one of two capitals without a McDonalds. The second is Vatican City.

Joe Arridy had an IQ of 46 and is known as the “happiest prisoner on death row”. He went into the gas chamber with a smile. It turned out he was innocent.

The largest Japanese population outside of Japan stands at 1.6 million people who live in Brazil.

IKEA is an acronym which stands for Ingvar Kamprad Elmtaryd Agunnaryd, which is the founder’s name, farm where he grew up, and hometown.

In 2009, Stephen Hawking held a reception for time travelers, but didn’t publicize it until after. This way, only those who could time travel would be able to attend. Nobody else attended.

Violin bows are commonly made from horse hair.

There are less than 30 ships in the Royal Canadian Navy which is less than most third-world countries.

Larry the Cable Guy’s real name is Daniel Lawrence Whitney. His notable Southern accent is fake – he was born and raised in the mid-west, not the South.

The youngest Pope in history was Pope Benedict IX who was 11 years old at the time of election. He is also the only person to have been the Pope more than once.

In Svalbard, a remote Norwegian island, it is illegal to die.

Costa Coffee employs Gennaro Pelliccia as a coffee taster, who has had his tongue insured for £10 million since 2009.

Johnny Cash took only three voice lessons before his teacher advised him to stop taking lessons and to never deviate from his natural voice.

During the Prohibition era, the U.S. Government allowed Whiskey to be sold through pharmacies. As a result, Walgreens grew from 20 retail stores to almost 400.

People who post their fitness routine to Facebook are more likely to have psychological problems.
Medieval chastity belts are a myth. A great majority of examples now existing were made in the 18th and 19th centuries as jokes.

Nowadays, millionaires with just $1 million isn’t considered wealthy anymore by most Americans. Now, the typical American sees at least $2.4 million as wealthy.

Hanna-Barbera pitched The Flintstones to networks for 8 weeks before it was finally picked up. It became the first ever animated show to air during primetime.

In 1325, two Italian city states fought over a bucket which resulted in 2,000 deaths. It started when two soldiers stole a bucket from a well from the city center.

There’s no period in “Dr. Pepper”. It was removed because the old logo font made it look like “Di: Pepper”.

There is an underwater version of rugby, unsurprisingly called “underwater rugby”.

Standing around burns calories. On average, a 150 pound person burns 114 calories per hour while standing and doing nothing.

Although GPS is free for the world to use, it costs $2 million per day to operate. The money comes from American tax revenue.

In World War II, Germany tried to collapse the British economy by dropping millions of counterfeit bills over London.

Playboy has been publishing braille versions of their magazines since 1970, however no pictorial representations are included.

When Space Invaders was created, Tomohiro Nishikado left in the lag caused by more invaders on the screen in order to create greater difficulty in the games.

The color red doesn’t really make bulls angry; they are color-blind.

65% of autistic kids are left-handed, and only 10% of people in general are left-handed.

Herring fish communicate by using flatulence.

Until 2016, the “Happy Birthday” song was not for public use. Meaning, prior to 2016, the song was copyrighted and you had to pay a license to use it.

When mice live in the wild, they typically only live for about six months.

There is a punctuation mark used to signify irony or sarcasm that looks like a backwards question mark ⸮

During the cremation process of a 500 pound body, the corpse was so obese that it set the crematorium on fire.

Researches have found that flossing your teeth can help your memory. Flossing prevents gum disease, which prevents stiff blood vessels, which cause memory issues.

When George Washington died, Napoleon Bonaparte of France gave a personal eulogy and ordered a ten day mourning period for France.

The Hobbit has been published in two editions. In the first edition, Gollum willingly bet on his ring in the riddle game.

For nearly 60 years, Texas didn’t have an official state flag between 1879 & 1933. During that time, the Lone Star flag was the active, but unofficial flag.

A wildlife technician, Richard Thomas, took the famous tongue twister, “how much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood” and calculated a rough estimate of what the answer would actually be. It came out to be around 700 pounds.

Red Solo cups are a common souvenir to bring back from the United States. The novelty comes from the cups being used in many party scenes in movies.

Swedish meatballs originated from a recipe King Charles XII brought back from Turkey in the early 1800s.

Saint Lucia is the only country in the world named after a woman.

Ben & Jerry’s has an online flavor graveyard for their 10 discontinued ice cream flavors. Each one has a photo, life span, and epitaph.

Scientists discovered sharks that are living in an active underwater volcano. Divers cannot investigate because they would get burns from the acidity and heat.

There are times when Pluto is closer to the Sun than Neptune – one of these timelines was from 1979 to 1999.

There is a town in Nebraska called Monowi with a population of one. The only resident is a woman who is the Mayor, Bartender and Librarian.

The Ethiopian calendar is 7.5 years behind the Gregorian calendar due to the fact that it has 13 months.

In 1994, the company who had a patent on GIFs tried to charge a fee for using GIFS. The PNG was invented as an alternative, and the company backed down.

China is spending $3 billion dollars to build panda shaped solar farms in order to get more young people interested in renewable energy.

While hunting, stoats go crazy jumping, spinning, and twisting to get a rabbits attention. This hypnotizes the rabbit until the stoat gets close enough to attack.

The average American child is given $3.70 per tooth that falls out.

To properly write adjectives in order, you would list them by amount, value, size, temperature, age, shape, color, origin, and material.

The world’s first motel is in San Luis Obispo. Built in 1925. When opened, it cost $1.25 for a two-room bungalow with a kitchen and a private adjoining garage.

Scotland was one of the few countries able to hold off being conquered by the Romans in the first century A.D.

I Will Always Love You was originally written and recorded in 1973 by Dolly Parton. It was written as a farewell to her mentor of seven years.

“Opposites attract” is a common myth. People are actually attracted to people who look like family members, or those with a similar personality type.

Llamas can be used as guards against coyote attacks on sheep herds. Studies have proven that just one guard llama is an effective protector and can even kill the attacking coyotes.

The unique smell of rain actually comes from plant oils, bacteria, and ozone.

Vanilla flavoring is sometimes made with the urine of beavers.

If you heat up a magnet, it will lose its magnetism.

The most expensive virtual object is “Club NEVERDIE” in the Entropia Universe which is worth $635,000. It was originally bought at $10,000.

Cruise ships have morgues that can store up to 10 bodies at once. The average amount of people that die on cruise ships per year is 200.

Birds are the closest living relatives of crocodilians, as well as the descendants of extinct dinosaurs with feathers. This makes them the only surviving dinosaurs.

Small as they may be, ladybugs have a unique smell that humans are incredibly sensitive to.

During WWII, a U.S. naval destroyer won a battle against a Japanese submarine by throwing potatoes at them. The Japanese thought they were grenades.

The Marshal Mathers foundation for at-risk and disadvantaged youth, was founded by Eminem.

A man with severe OCD and a phobia of germs attempted to commit suicide with a gun to his head. Instead of killing him, the bullet eliminated his mental illness without any other damage.

Since 1955, 50% of the population of Niger is consistently under 16 years old. The total current population is 21,600,000.

The author of Mary Had a Little Lamb, Sarah Josepha Hale, is most responsible for the creation of Thanksgiving being a national holiday.

The oldest unopened bottle of wine was found in a Roman tomb that is over 1,650 years old.

Chicken Run is the highest-grossing stop motion animated film, even beating The Nightmare Before Christmas.

Nobody knows how the Academy Awards came to be referred to as the Oscars. The earliest mention was 1932, and was made official in 1939.

More tornadoes occur in the United Kingdom per square mile than any other country in the world.

Owners of personalized license plates in Uganda are facing a tax increase of over 300%, which will raise the tax from $1,498 to $5,992.

Popularized by the Shakespeare play, many people think Julius Caesar’s last words were “And you, Brutus?” In reality, he said “You too, my child?”

Times Square was originally called Longacre square until it was renamed in 1904 after The New York Times moved its headquarters to the newly built Times Building.

Daniel Craig was an anonymous Storm Trooper in Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Originally, he denied his cameo and claimed he wouldn’t bother being an extra in a movie.

Queen Elizabeth has a personal net worth of 425 million dollars. That includes the $65 million Sandringham House and $140 million Balmoral Castle.

Although there is currently no drug proven to make someone tell the truth, some countries like Russia, Canada, and India use truth serums.

Only primates, humans, and opossums have opposable thumbs. Out of these, the opossum is the only one with no thumbnail.

One of the World Trade Center’s was built to be 1,776 feet tall on purpose to reference the year the Declaration of Independence was signed.

The word “kimono”, literally means a “thing to wear”. Ki is “wear”, and mono is “thing”.

There is a statue of Tesla in Silicon Valley that radiates free Wi-Fi. It was done as an homage to his vision for wireless communication.

It snows metal on planet Venus! There are two types that have been found, galena and bismuthinite.

Tic Tacs got their name from the sound they make when they are tossed around in their container.

Only official members of a federally accepted Native American tribes may legally possess or collect eagle feathers. If a normal citizen has one, it is illegal.

By the time they have been retired for 2 years, 78% of former NFL players have gone bankrupt or are under financial stress because of joblessness or divorce.

500 seeds of 5 different types of seeds were taken into orbit around the moon, and later planted around the U.S. as well as a few countries. They were called Moon Trees.

In order to protest the high tariffs enforced by a U.K. censorship board, a filmmaker sent in a 10 hour “movie” of white paint drying. They had to watch the entire film.

The popular LMFAO group who created the viral hit, Party Rock Anthem, is made up of an uncle-nephew duo.

50% of apartments in Los Angeles don’t come with a fridge. This is legal, as fridges are considered an “amenity”, and therefore landlords are not required to provide one.

Norway has a 25 year statute of limitation on murder. This means if the murder happened more than 25 years ago, they cannot be charged.

Several of the facts on Snapple caps have been found to be outdated, incorrect or exaggerated.

Both of the drummers from Queen and Duran Duran had the same name – Roger Taylor.

There is a company in the U.K. that offers “being hungover” as a valid reason for calling off work. They are allotted four hungover days per year.

The majority of blind people in the U.S. and the U.K. cannot read braille. Statistically, less than 1% of blind in the U.K., and under 10% in the U.S.

It’s not just humans who are right or left-handed. Most female cats prefer using their right paw and males are more likely to be left-pawed.

Over 290 people have died climbing Mount Everest since 1922. Most deaths occur because of avalanches, and not all bodies have been recovered.

There are only two countries in the world that have the color purple in their flags: Nicaragua and Dominica.

A bolt of lightning can reach 53,540 degrees Fahrenheit. That’s 5 times hotter than the surface of the sun, which is 10,340 degrees Fahrenheit.

There is a village in Russia called Tsovkra where every resident can tightrope walk. It is a tradition that dates back over 100 years but no one knows how it started.

When Shakira was in second grade, she was rejected for the school choir because her vibrato was too strong. The music teacher told her that she sounded like a goat.

Four of the top seven highest grossing films of all time were released in 2015. Avengers: Age of Ultron, Furious 7, Jurassic World and Star Wars: The Force Awakens.

Four Nile crocodiles have been found in Florida. They are the second largest crocodile and are more dangerous than the native crocodiles and alligators in Florida.

Julius Caesar’s only son, Caesarion, was the last Pharaoh of Egypt. Even though Cleopatra swears he is Caesar’s son, Caesar never officially acknowledged him.

The quietest room in the world in Minnesota is measured in negative decibels – so quiet that you can hear your own heartbeat and your bones moving.

“Tsundoku” is a Japanese word for the habit of buying too many books, letting them pile up in your house, and never reading them.

The Guinness World Record for the time longest spend searching for the Loch Ness Monster, is held by Steve Feltham who camped at Loch Ness for 25 years.

Brain fibers lose 10% of their total length every decade. They can shrink even more so under acute stress.

Chewing gum boosts mental proficiency and is considered a better test aid than caffeine – but nobody knows why.

Per capita, the happiest countries in the world also rank highest in terms of consumers of antidepressants.

Even though Irish is the official language of Ireland, Polish is more widely spoken.

There’s a bar in Yukon that serves a “Sourtoe cocktail”. It consists of a shot of whisky with a human toe floating in the glass. An estimated 60,000 people have had it.

The Stockholm archipelago has more islands than the Pacific Ocean at around 30,000.

Pope Francis has been given many extravagant gifts over the years, and one of them was a Harley-Davidson motorcycle. However, rather than keeping it for his own pleasure and adventures, he sold it off and used the money to benefit homeless people.

In Japan, Domino’s started testing pizza delivery via reindeer in 2016.

The motto on the United Kingdom’s Royal Coat of Arms is in French. The motto is “Dieu et mon droit”, which means “God and my right”.

The average household income of the top 1% in the United States is $1,260,508 per year.

Disney sold the streaming right for the original Star Wars films in 2016 to Turner until 2024. Disney has since decided to start a streaming service and has tried asking for the rights back, but Turner refuses every time.

Gaming-related accidents increased by 26.5% during the first 5 months of Pokémon Go being released. This included 2 deaths and $25.5 million in damages.

Helen Keller was related to Robert E. Lee. Her paternal grandmother was second cousins with him.

During the 1908 Olympics in London, the Russians showed up 12 days late due to the fact that they were using the Julian calendar instead of the Gregorian calendar.

Non-violent attempts to escape Mexican prisons are not punished because “it’s human nature to want freedom”.

The line, “Born and raised in South Detroit” in Journey’s “Don’t Stop Believin” actually refers to Canada, not Michigan.

On one slow news day on April 18th, 1930, a BBC radio announcer blatantly said “there is no news”.

If you cut a starfish, it won’t bleed – it doesn’t have blood! Rather, they circulate nutrients by using seawater in their vascular system.

12% of the world’s total languages is found in Papua New Guinea, which has over 820 indigenous languages. There are more languages on this island than any other country.

The hottest temperature ever recorded in Washington state was at Ice Harbor Dam at 118 °F (47.8 °C) on August 5, 1961.

In efforts to undercut the Dreamcast’s sales of the upcoming SEGA release, Sony announced the PlayStation 2 and exaggerated its performance capabilities.

Nepal has the most mathematical flag in the world. It even has an article in its constitution that details the steps of drawing the flag.

Mount Rushmore cost less than one million dollars to construct. It took 14 years to build – from 1927 to 1941, and took 400 workers.

Samsung means “three stars” in Korean. This was chosen by the founder because he wanted the company to be powerful and everlasting like stars in the sky.

On average, 46.1% of Americans have less than $10,000 in assets when they die.

While shedding, geckos will eat their skin in order to prevent predators from finding and eating them more easily.

Bees actually have knees. The expression comes from the fact that they store large build ups of pollen in hairy baskets on their knees.

Between North and South Korea lies 155 miles of no man’s land where hundreds of rare animals species thrive.

While watching a Merry-Go-Round from a bench in Griffith Park, Los Angeles, Walt Disney was struck with inspiration for the creation of Disneyland.

There is a Scottish tartan designed for Mars exploration. It was officially registered in 2016 to be worn during Mars science, exploration and outreach activities.

Santa Claus was issued a pilot’s license from the U.S. government in 1927. They also gave him airway maps and promised to keep the runway lights on.

When you exercise, the burned fat metabolizes to become carbon dioxide, water, and energy. Meaning: you exhale the fat that you lose.

The word “velociraptor” comes from the Latin words “velox” which means swift, and “raptor” which means robber. Literally – speedy robber!

The largest stadium in the world is the Rungrado 1st of May Stadium in North Korea. It can hold up to 114,000 spectators. It covers 51 acres and is 197 feet tall.

Polar bears often hunt walruses by simply charging at a group of them and eating the ones that were crushed or wounded in the mass panic to escape. Direct attacks are rare.

The group of spikes at the end of stegosaurid tails are called the “thagomizer”. They had no distinct name until the term was coined in 1982 by a cartoonist.

There is a correlation between pulling an all-nighter and snapping out of depression. This is because the brain gets more active the longer it goes without sleep.

Adult cats only meow at humans, not other cats. Kittens meow to their mother but once they get a little older, cats no longer meow to other cats.

When shuffling a deck of cards, the number of possible arrangements is approximately 8×1067. That’s more than the number of stars in the observable universe.

There is a United Arab Emirates’ territory inside an Oman’s territory that itself is inside the United Arab Emirates country. It is called Madha village.

Disappointment Island is an uninhabited island in New Zealand. Over 65,000 pairs of white-capped albatross live there. In 1868, a steel tanker crashed on the island which killed 68 people, leaving the 15 survivors waiting 18 months to be rescued. In 1907, another ship ended up crashing there and 12 men drowned.

During the entire run of Gilligan’s Island, it was never revealed if “Gilligan” was his first or last name.

When Jorge Garcia first got the part on LOST as Hurley, he lost a total of 30 pounds in weight before filming started.

Videogames have been found to be more effective at battling depression than therapy.

Bi-weekly has two different definitions: Twice a week, or once every two weeks.

Mona Lisa was stolen from the Louvre in 1911, which drew more visitors to see the empty space than the actual painting.

There is an insurance policy issued against alien abduction. Around 50,000 policies have been sold, mainly to residents of the U.S. and England.

Volvo invented the three-point seatbelt, then gave the invention away for free. They decided it was too important of an invention to keep to themselves.

In 2005, Connecticut was accidentally issued an Emergency Alert to evacuate the entire state. Only about 1% of the people actually tried to leave.

An 18-year old with dwarfism played the 8-year-old Grinch in The Grinch (2000). He passed away two years after the film was released.

Rebecca Felton was the first woman to ever serve for the United States Senate – but she only served for one day.

Websters Dictionary accidentally had a word that didn’t exist in it for five years – “Dord”.

Amber colored rear turn signals are statistically proven to reduce collisions by about 28%.

Roselle, a guide dog, lead her blind owner down 78 flights of stairs during 9/11. The descent took about an hour and they both safely made it out.

It is thought by Russians that eating ice cream will keep you warm.

Somebody hid an episode of South Park inside Tiger Woods 99 as an Easter egg, causing EA to do a massive recall.

Madagascar once was a stomping ground for lemurs which were the size of today’s gorillas.

Underneath the streets of Beijing, there are over a million people who live in nuclear bunkers.

The full name of the famous Chuck E. Cheese’s mouse is Charles Entertainment Cheese.

The American roulette wheel is different from the European wheel. The American one has 2 green spaces while the European one only has 1. Although on both, if you add up all the numbers on a roulette wheel, you will get 666.

The day after Thanksgiving is called “Brown Friday” by plumbers in America because it is their busiest day of the year.

The wife of Anthony Perkins, the original Norman Bates, Berry Berenson died as a result of being a passenger on one of the 9/11 planes.

The thumbs up sign is believed to have originated from Chinese pilots. It was used to communicate with the ground crew before take-off.

In Toy Story 2 in the scene where Buzz gives a speech in front of the American flag, the flag was edited to be a globe for release in non-American countries.

The tallest mountain in our solar system, Olympic Mons, is 3 times taller than Mount Everest.

Batman and Predator exist in the same fictional universe. Since 1991, they have been featured together in three comic books.

A study from Harvard University finds that having no friends can be just as deadly as smoking. Both effect levels of a blood-clotting protein.

In South Dakota, you can get a driver’s permit at age 14 with parental consent. Once you turn 16, you can get your license.

The Backpack Kid’s real name is Russell Horning.

In 2017, Adidas sold over 1 million pairs of shoes made from recycled ocean plastic, each pair taking 11 plastic bottles to make.

The British Pound is the world’s oldest currency still in use at 1,200 years old. The pound has been an identity as a symbol of British sovereignty.

The world’s smallest mammal, a Bumblebee Bat, weights about the same as a U.S. dime. Native to Myanmar and Thailand, these bats are endangered.

As of December 2018, The Itchy & Scratchy Show that takes place within The Simpsons, has 107 episodes.

Will Smith owed $2.8 Million to the IRS and almost went bankrupt, just before he signed the contract for The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air.

The Great Pyramid of Giza actually has eight sides, rather than four. All of the other pyramids have just four sides.

English is not native to the British Isles. It was brought to Britain in the mid 5th to 7th Centuries by German, Danish, and Dutch settlers.

When we’re born, the only innate fears we have are the fear of falling, and the fear of loud sounds. All other fears are learned.

In Korea, there is a breed of dog called a Sapsali which was originally thought to banish ghosts and evil spirits.

Qantas Airways once powered an interstate flight on cooking oil. This marked Australia’s first commercial flight using sustainably derived biofuel.

Berries are simple fruits stemming from one flower. This means that pineapples, bananas, watermelon, pumpkins, and avocados are berries.

One horse can have approximately 15 horsepower. Horsepower is about 746 watts. The term was coined in the late 18th Century.

The Leaning Tower of Piza is tilted because of the soft soil that it’s built on – which has also protected it from at least 4 powerful earthquakes.

All the paint on the Eiffel Tower weighs the same as ten elephants. It gets repainted every seven years without closing to the public.

All new FBI special agents and intelligence analysts are required to visit the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.

While dinosaurs roamed the earth, they lived on every continent including Antarctica.

The blue whale’s heart is the size of a VW Beetle and weighs up to 1,000 lbs (453 kg).

One of the most widely used symbols for medical assistance is actually the Swiss flag, and not a medical symbol.

Until 2007, slavery was legal in Mauritania. Even still, 1-4% of the population is still living as slaves.

A man named Ronald MacDonald robbed a Wendy’s in 2005.

The longest unbroken alliance in world history is between England and Portugal. It has lasted since 1386, and still stands today.

Before finally being accepted, J.K. Rowling’s original Harry Potter pitch was rejected by 12 publishers.

The Japanese term for a Shotgun Wedding is “Dekichatta kekkon”, which literally translates to “oops-we-did-it-marriage”.

Garlic is known to attract leeches.

In 1992, a shipping crate containing 28,000 rubber duckies fell overboard. They washed up around the world for the next 20 years.

There is a company in Japan that has schools that teach you how to be funny. The first one opened in 1982. About 1,000 students take the course each year.

Aeroflot Flight 593 crashed because the pilot let his kids fly the plane, who unknowingly disengaged the autopilot function. The crash killed everyone on board.

It takes Uranus 84 years to orbit the Sun once.

A 26 sided shape is known as a rhombicuboctahedron.

Mob boss Vincent Gigante used to wander around New York in his bath robe to convince the police he was insane and avoid capture.

The military has used silly string to detect trip wires in Iraq. Before entering a room, they can squirt it inside. If it hangs in the air, it may have revealed a wire.

By applying even pressure on an egg, it is nearly impossible to break the shell by squeezing it.

So far, two diseases have successfully been eradicated: smallpox and rinderpest. The last case of smallpox was in 1977, and the last of rinderpest was in 2001.

A recently discovered deep sea snail, the Scaly-Food Gastropod, has a shell that is impressively developed. So much so, that the U.S. military is trying to use its design to inspire defensive layers in military armor.

There are over 6,000 known species of grass.

The total weight of all air on Earth is 11 quintillion pounds.

“Time anxiety” occurs in a person when they are perpetually afraid of being late, or of others being late.

Ant queens can live for up to 30 years.

In 2014, Princeton researches determined that Facebook would lose 80% of its users by 2017.

Orlando Bloom has swinophobia, which is a fear of pigs!

Eight of the ten largest statues in the world are of Buddha’s.

Meghan Trainor has Nyctophobia, which is a huge fear of the dark.

Garrett McNamara holds the record for the largest wave ever surfed, set in 2011 in Nazare, Portugal. The wave was 78 feet tall.

The logo on the Red Bull cans are not cattle, but a type of bovine called a “gaur”.

In Bruges, Belgium, there an underground pipeline that runs 2 miles to transfer beer from a brewery to the bottling plant.

The collective group of lemurs is called a conspiracy.

The first Primark store opened in Dublin in June 1969 under the name Penney’s.

Ron Swanson’s character on Parks and Recreation is based off a real person – a woman who works in a high bureaucratic position who is also anti-government.

Captive tigers in the U.S. alone outnumber the amount of wild tigers worldwide.

The 1831 London Bridge was sold in 1962 when it needed to be replaced. It was bought by Lake Havasu City, Arizona, to help tourism.

Scrappy-Doo, widely considered to be one of the most hated characters in fiction, has not appeared in an animated Scooby-Doo production since 1988 due to audience backlash.

The first X-Rated animated movie was Fritz the Cat. It is still the most successful independent animated feature to date.

Roughly 33% of cats are not effected by catnip. The euphoric reaction commonly associated with catnip is hereditary.

Facebook will track and record nearly everything you do if you browse the web while logged in to your Facebook account.

Bubble wrap was originally invented to be wallpaper. The creators tried to make plastic wallpaper with a paper backing, but it came out with plastic backing.

The longest Cricket Test match lasted over 12 days between England and South Africa. It only ended because the English team would have missed their boat home.

MIT, often cited as one of the world’s most prestigious universities, puts almost all of its course materials online for anyone to access for free.

Albert Einstein had mastered calculus by the tender age of 15.

Madagascar got its name when Marco Polo misspelled it. The name stuck and the island was christened to the name in 1500.

Tom Hanks had an asteroid named after him which was called “12818 tomhanks“.

The number of stars on the EU flag doesn’t represent anything. 12 stars were chosen as a number with no political association and for a symbol of unity.

High heels are nothing new to the world. In the 18th Century, they were fashionable even for children.

Elephants think people are cute, the same way people think puppies or kittens are cute.

Cats which have blue eyes for the duration of their lives are likely to be deaf.

The manager of Guinness started the Guinness Book of World Records when he got annoyed that he couldn’t find out what the fastest game bird was ever recorded.

Barry Manilow wrote many famous jingles for companies like McDonald’s, State Farm and BandAids.

One of the smartest bird species is the magpie. They can even recognize themselves in mirrors.

The tongue is the only muscle in one’s body that is attached from one end.

The atomic number of zinc is 30.

The tall chef’s hat is called a toque.

There’s very little evidence the TSA has ever stopped a terrorist or found a real bomb. When tested, they failed to find fake weapons and bombs 95% of the time.

In the United States, each person owns an average of seven pairs of blue jeans. That’s one for every day of the week!

Whenever Charles Dickens was away from home, he would always realign the bed he was sleeping in to face Northwards, as he felt that this fostered and unlocked his creativity.

The Shawn Mendes EP reached Number 1 on iTunes in 37 minutes.

Since 1990 the United States has added more acres of forest than it has lost, with almost 20 million new acres of forest land added in the last 2 decades.

There is a liquid that you can breathe in called perfluorohexane. Animals can be submerged in a bath of perfluorohexane without drowning.

Feeding curry to a sheep reduces the amount of methane in its farts by up to 40%.

During a conversation each speaker’s “turn” averages 2 seconds, and the pause in between only 200 milliseconds. That figure is nearly universal.

Cold showers have more health benefits than hot or warm showers. These include improving circulation, stimulating weight loss, and easing depression.

Despite being landlocked, Mongolia has a navy consisting of seven men and one vessel, the “Sukhbaatar III“, stationed on Lake Khövsgöl.

During the Second World War, German tank drivers would drive their vehicles over camel droppings, thinking it would bring them good luck.

In Alabama, it is illegal to participate in shooting, hunting, gaming, card playing or racing on Sundays. The fine ranges from $10 to $100.

Originally, bumper cars were not supposed to hit each other. Drivers were actually supposed to avoid crashing in spite of chaotic driving. The first company to patent a bumper car was in 1920 named Dodgem.

A woman was elected to the House of Representatives four years before women even won the right to vote.

In the Netherlands version of Sesame Street, instead of Big Bird, they have a blue bird named Pino. He was later established as Big Bird’s cousin.

The full Bible has been translated into over 3,000 languages. Among those include fictional languages like Elvish, Klingon and Na’vi.

The voice of Stargazer in Mass Effect 3 was done by Buzz Aldrin.

The first 4th of July celebration was in 1777.

Justin Bieber’s first tweet was at 8:27pm on May 11, 2009.

Snakes and lizards both molt out of their old skin as they grow. Investigators have come to the conclusion that dinosaurs may have also molted.

Zebras have only one toe on each foot.

Humans have been performing dentistry since 7000BC, which makes dentists one of the oldest professions.

Originally, the Pokémon Vulpix was going to be called “FoxFire”.

The first ever documented feature film was made in Australia in 1906.

Ancient Roman surgeons were trained to block out the screams of human pain.

William Hung, made famous for his appearance on American Idol singing “She Bangs“, is a 73rd generation descendant of Confucius.

From 1937 to 1953, NBC’s Today Show had a chimpanzee co-host named J. Fred Muggs. It is estimated he brought in the network around $100 million.

Because snow is composed of ice, it can be classified as a mineral. Water, however, does not fall under the same classification, and is not a mineral.

Of the 9,000 Blockbuster stores that existed in the early 1990s, at least 10 Blockbusters are open across the U.S. Seven of those are in Alaska.

There is a geocache on the International Space Station placed in 2008. It has since been visited four times by other astronauts.

The Vatican had music which was forbidden to be copied and was only played twice per year. It was secret for almost 150 years until a 14-year-old Mozart heard it and transcribed it from memory.

Canada eats more macaroni and cheese than any other nation in the world.

Octopuses only touch in situations of mating or aggression. Female octopuses sometimes do both, strangling and eating the male after mating.

Scotland wanted to replicate the Parthenon bigger and cheaper in 1826. It was never completed and is now nicknamed “Scotland’s Disgrace”.

A French general gave John Quincy Adams a pet alligator. Adams kept it in one of the White House bathtubs and enjoyed showing it off.

In 1866, The United States purchased Alaska from Russia for $7.2 million by writing a check.

In the Philippines, you can buy spaghetti at McDonald’s, where they also sell a “McDo” piece of chicken.

Though most think it’s Italian, pepperoni is an American invention. The first use of the word dates back to 1919.

The pumpkin is a member of the cucurbit family, which are gourds, such as cucumbers and squashes.

Any prime number higher than three, when squared and subtracted by one, will always turn out to be a multiple of 24.

When dogs are first born, they are completely blind & cannot hear anything. The first sense which they develop is the sense of touch.

Margherita Pizza uses tomato, mozzarella, and basil toppings to represent the Italian national flag. It was originally to honor the Queen of Italy in 1890.

Sudan has more pyramids than any country with 255. They outnumber Egyptian pyramids by twice the amount.

The money for the Statue of Liberty came from fundraising from auctions, a lottery, and boxing matches in Europe and the U.S. The Statue cost the French about $250,000, which today would be over $5.5 million dollars.

Not all hamsters are small. Although some hamsters are as small as 2-4 inches, the largest ones are approximately 13 inches long.

The hand and footprints in front of the Chinese Theater tradition started accidentally when silent film actress, Norma Talmadge stepped on wet cement.

Snakes can help predict earthquakes. They can sense a coming earthquake from 75 miles away, up to five days before it happens.

Soviet Russia needed lighthouses on their uninhabited Northern Coast, so they built automated lighthouses powered by small nuclear reactors.

Animal’s yawn based on how large their brain is. The bigger the brain, the longer they will yawn.

Before Apple bought Siri, it was originally going to be released as an app for Android & Blackberry.

Approximately 1 in every 2,000 babies already has a tooth when they are first born.

The Young America Township in Minnesota has a population of less than 1,000, but more than 20 zip codes.

The United States Department of Agriculture says the official definition of a sandwich is: “at least 35 percent cooked meat and no more than 50 percent bread”.

Nutella was invented during WWII, when an Italian pastry maker mixed hazelnuts into chocolate to extend his chocolate ration.

The original name for Xbox was DirectXbox designed to show how Microsoft’s Direct X graphics could improve the console market.

In Switzerland, it is illegal to own just one guinea pig. This is because guinea pigs are social animals, and they are considered victims of abuse if they are alone.

Walter Hunt, a man from America, invented the safety pin back in 1849.

The highest recorded fall without a parachute happened in 1972 at 33,333 ft. The victim, Vesna Vulović was in the hospital for 16 months after the fall.

A mason in 1700’s Jerusalem left his wooden ladder behind after doing some work on a church and now it can’t be moved without the agreement & permission of six different Christian leaders.

Eminem’s mother filed an $11 million defamation lawsuit against him because of his lyrics about her. She settled for $25,000 and $23,354.25 of that went to her lawyer.

San Marino is the fifth smallest country in the world (and the third smallest in Europe).

A woman faked her entire tragedy and the loss of her husband during the 9/11 attacks and became President of the Support Network in New York.

The Postal Service got its name based on the fact that they originally used USPS to send each other music tracks because of conflicting schedules.

December 3rd is known as “Roof Over Your Head Day” – a day to be grateful of what we have in life!

Alaska is the only state in America that can be typed on one row of a traditional English QWERTY keyboard.

Michael Jackson’s shiny glove was actually just a modified golf glove.

The Lego Group is the world’s most powerful brand. There are more Lego minifigures than there are people on Earth.

Mr. and Mrs. originated from using the words master and mistress.

The only difference between kosher salt and table salt, is the grain size. Kosher salt is smaller, and they both come from underground salt deposits.

Invented in 1923, Q-Tips were originally called Baby Gays; then Q-Tip Baby Gays, then finally just Q-Tips. The Q stands for quality.

1912 saw the last Olympic gold medals made entirely out of gold.

Every 10 years, the human skeleton repairs and renews itself. Essentially, you have different bones now than you did 10 years ago!

The first game to be played in space was Starcraft – Daniel Barry took it with him in 1999 on the Space Shuttle mission STS-96.

Houston is the most diverse city in the United States. As of 2010, 43.8% is Latino, 25.6% is White, 23.1% is Black, and 6% is Asian.

May 29th is “National Put a Pillow on Your Fridge Day“. It is celebrated in Europe & USA to bring luck & wealth to the household.

When water freezes to ice cubes, it will take up 9% more volume.

The little piece of paper sticking out of a Hershey’s Kiss is called a niggly wiggly.

As a child, Jet Li performed with the Chinese National Wushu Team for President Nixon. Nixon asked him to be his personal bodyguard, but he declined.

Eating grapefruit can restrict the effects of 43 different kinds of medications.

Dinosaurs would swallow large rocks which stayed in their stomach to help churn and digest food.

The word robot comes from the Czech “robota”. This translates into forced labor, or work.

During 1943, U.S. officials imposed a short-lived ban on sliced bread as a wartime conservation measure. It lasted less than 3 months.

Abraham Lincoln loved cats and once let one eat from the table during a formal White House dinner.

The Canadian government isn’t sure when Canada became a sovereign state. Its Supreme Court ruled that sovereignty occurred sometime between 1919 and 1931.

On April 1st, 2005, NASA pulled an April Fool’s prank telling the world that they had found water on Mars.

There’s a town in the Oklahoma panhandle named “Hooker” and its slogan is “it’s a location, not a vocation”.

Japan is facing a ninja shortage. There is a high demand for “ninja shows”, but it is a dying tradition and companies have trouble time finding properly trained ninjas.

New Jersey had 4 Governors in the span of 8 days in early 2002. The shortest term of those was served by John Farmer Jr. for 90 minutes.

George Miller – the person who created Mad Max is the same person who created Happy Feet.

Surgeons who play video games at least 3 hours a week perform 27% faster and make 37% fewer errors.

There were only 9 developers on the team for GoldenEye 007 for Nintendo 64, and only one of them had ever worked on a video game before.

When cellophane was invented in 1908, it was originally intended to be used to protect tablecloths from wine spills.

A Dutch start-up company have been able to start training wild crows so that they pick up cigarette butts and put them in bins for a peanut as a reward.

We feel “hangry” because it’s harder for us to control our emotions when our brains are low on glucose.

The mayor of a historical district in Alaska is a cat named Stubbs. Mayor Stubbs drinks catnip laden water from a wineglass every afternoon, at a local restaurant.

Spam mail got its name from the canned meat after a Monty Python skit that made fun of Spam as tasting “horrible and being ubiquitous and inescapable”.

Humans specifically have eyes that face forward for the purpose of seeing in 3D. On the other hand, vegetarian dinosaurs such as the Triceratops, had eyes that looked out to the side so they could stay vigilant watching for danger as they ate.

In the 1980’s, the founder of Pringles, Fredric Baur, requested to be buried in a Pringles can. His children honored the request.

You can now get a headstone with a QR code. Called “Living Headstones”, they show pages with photos, video biography’s, and comments from loved ones.

While filming Dumb and Dumber, Jim Carrey had his crown temporarily removed – that chipped tooth is real and a result of a childhood fight.

Ginger beer is brewed and fermented with ginger, while ginger ale is merely carbonated water flavored with ginger.

During the first live iPhone presentation, Steve Jobs had to frequently switch phones behind his desk. Otherwise, it would run out of RAM and crash.

In Mississippi, it is considered a federal offense to Dine-n-Dash on a check that is over $25. In California, it is only a petty theft.

The NYPD had a police officer follow Andre the Giant whenever he went out drinking. This was to make sure he didn’t get drunk and fall on anyone.

In the popular film, The Godfather, the word “mafia” is never said because the actual mafia commanded it.

The only window that opens on the presidential car is the driver’s window, to pay tolls. It also has no keyholes, and only the Secret Service know how to open the doors.

Thomas Edison invented an electric pen in 1876 that was later adapted to become the first tattoo machine in 1891.

Animal Planet aired two fake documentaries that “proved” mermaids exist. So many people thought it was real that the U.S. government issued an official statement about it.

In 18th Century England, having a pineapple was a symbol of wealth because of high import fees. They would be used as displays instead of being eaten.

Marvel’s Deadpool issue #27 holds the Guinness World Record for the most comic book characters on one cover.

Instead of an agent Bill Murray uses a 1-800 number where you can leave a message for him if you want to cast him for a movie or event.

When written down, the word “almost” is the longest word in the English language to have all of its letters in alphabetical order.

The black-footed cat is the smallest wild cat, at just 20 inches long.

The world’s most remote ATM is run by Wells Fargo in the Antarctic. The ATMs serve around 1,200 residents at the U.S. scientific facility.

The first Game Boy could run for a staggering 30 hours on only two AA batteries!

Hershey’s chocolate syrup, Ritz Crackers, DumDums, and Oreos are all suitable for vegans.

The sound of a Star Wars lightsaber was created by paring together the sound of an idle film projector and the buzz from an old TV set.

Your tonsils can grow back if there was tissue left behind during the removal process. Sometimes it’s accidental, other times it’s left on purpose.

Greenland voted to leave the European Union in 1985 and have not rejoined since.

Every second, the human eye moves about 50 times.

There’s a reply to the saying “Liar, liar, pants on fire” – It’s “I don’t care, I don’t care, I can buy another pair”.

Only 2% of the world’s population has green eyes.

The A.D. and B.C. system was not proposed until 525 A.D. by a monk. However, it was not widely used until the 9th Century.

Daniel Radcliffe had the same stunt double for the first six Harry Potter movies – until the double was paralyzed from an accident on set during filming of the 7th movie.

“Tater Tots”, a registered trademark, originally failed because people thought the product was too cheap. Popularity rose after the price was raised.

Movie theaters make roughly 85% of their profit off concession stands. This is because ticket revenues have to be shared with the movie distributors.

By mixing nonoplatelets from carrots and other root vegetables, concrete mixtures can be significantly strengthened, meaning less cement is needed to achieve the same effect.

Honey, and items immersed in honey, can be preserved for centuries. The long shelf life is due to an enzyme found in the stomachs of bees.

Credit card EMV chip technology has been around since 1986. It was first implemented in France, with Germany following shortly after.

The odds of being born on 29th February are 1 in 1461.

People who donate blood in Sweden are sent a text message each time their blood saves a life.

In the U.S., around ¾ of all houses possess at least 1 jar of peanut butter.

30 of the first 31 popes were murdered. Most of them were martyred, but not all causes of their deaths are known.

The average U.S. household has 300,000 things, from paper clips to ironing boards. U.S. children make up 3.7% of children on the planet but have 47% of all toys and children’s books.

The commonly known phrase “to a T”, means something that fits just right. Interestingly enough, this expression derives from a similar phrase “to a tittle”, which is a small mark that is used in spelling norms, like the dots of i’s or j’s, or an accent mark.

Both Motel 6 and Super 8 got their names from the original prices of the rooms. Motel 6 started at $6 in 1962, and Super 8 at $8.88 in 1974.

About 25% of all blood from the heart goes into the kidneys.

In Israel, it is illegal to bring bears to the beach.

Rednex, the band who remixed and popularized Cotton Eye Joe, is not Southern, but Swedish. They all have Southern sounding stage names.

BuzzFeed sponsored content costs about $20,000 for five or six “articles”.

Comets only reflect 4% of the light that falls on them, the rest is absorbed.

The name for the shape of Pringles is called a “Hyperbolic Paraboloid”.

Writing down your worries before taking an exam can help combat test anxiety, improve performance and boost your test scores.

The highest body count in film history goes to “Lord of the Rings: Return of the King” with 836 on-screen deaths.

There is an uninhabited island in the Bahamas known as Pig Beach, which is populated entirely by swimming pigs.

While filming Rocky IV, Lundgren hit Sylvester Stallone for real and he ended up in the hospital for nine days.

For almost 15 years, Vermont was technically its own country before joining the United States in 1791. It had its own coins and postal service.

An adult’s kidney weighs about 5 ounces (142 grams) and is the size of a fist.

Without saliva, humans are unable to taste food.

The German Autobahn has no speed limits because Western Germany saw them as a Nazi relic. This became effective in 1972.

If you ate nothing but rabbit meat, you would die from protein poisoning. This would be a mixture of too much protein and an absence of fat in the diet.

The loudness of a monkey is relative to the size of its testicles. Researchers found that the smaller the testicles, the louder the monkey.

Every Pixar movie contains a reference to the Pixar movie that comes after it.

Sour Patch Kids are from the same manufacturer as Swedish Fish. The red Sour Patch Kids are the same candy as Swedish Fish, but with sour sugar.

There exists a plankton, Dinoflagellates, which if consumed, reverses your feeling of hot and cold – as well as hallucinations. Symptoms can last from weeks to years.

Red pandas have no living relatives – they aren’t even related to giant pandas.

After Christianity, the largest religious affiliation in the U.S. is Judaism.

Ewok Jerky was a popular snack across the Outer Rim in the Star Wars Universe.

Italy built an entire courthouse to prosecute the Mafia. They charged 474 members in a trial that lasted from 1986-1992. To date, it was the biggest trial in the world.

Doug Engelbart created the very first computer mouse from wood in 1964.

The smallest thing ever photographed is the shadow of an atom.

Despite Mercury being the closest planet to the Sun, Venus is the warmest planet.

There are no visual difference between male and female herons.

Cranes are built using cranes.

In the popular 2014 movie “Godzilla“, the Godzilla portrayal was only seen for about 8 minutes in the entire film.

In every scene of Fight Club, there is a Starbucks coffee cup.

It snowed in the Sahara desert for 30 minutes on the 18th February 1979.

PewDiePie supported his YouTube channel by selling hot dogs. His persistence paid off when in 2012 his YouTube channel garnered over one million subscribers.

Approximately 1,000,000 dogs in the U.S. are named as the heirs of their owners’ wills.

It takes longer to drown in saltwater than in freshwater. Because of this, around 90% of drownings occur in freshwater.

Employees at MillerCoors get three free cases of beer each month, in addition to having access to beer and cider on location after a work day.

Steven Spielberg was executive producer of The Animaniacs.

Kanye West’s song “Hey Mama” was dedicated to his mother, who died in 2007 after complications with plastic surgery.

More than 90% of survivors of the 9/11 terror attacks delayed evacuation to save their work, shut down computers, change shoes, or visit the bathroom.

Queen Elizabeth saved up post-war clothing ration coupons in order to pay for her wedding dress in 1947.

Sweden has the most islands in the world, with 221,800 islands.

Although dingoes are about the same size as a Springer Spaniel, they are brave enough to target an adult kangaroo when hunting in packs.

If you keep smelling something that is not really there, you may be experiencing the earliest symptoms of schizophrenia.

A cluster of bananas is called a “hand”. Along that theme, a single banana is called a “finger”.

Since the death penalty was restored in 1976, the states of Washington and New Hampshire have returned to hanging as an available method of execution.

Even though drugs are officially illegal in the Netherlands, it is legal to be under the influence of any drug to encourage people to seek medical help.

The first world leader to create a YouTube channel was the British Prime Minister, Tony Blair who made his account in 2007.

Rick Astley has his own brand of beer. It was a collaboration between him and the Danish micro-brewery Mikkeller; it’s a red lager with “a hint of ginger”.

The total spend on adult Halloween costumes each year in America is $1.5 billion.

When double rainbows occur, the colors of the second arc are always reversed.

Bookworms are actual insects that bore holes in books. A major book feeding insect is a paper louse which feeds on microscopic mold in poorly kept books.

3 inches of ice can support one person, on foot. 4 inches can support a group of people, single file. 36 inches can support up to 110 tons of weight.

January 17th is known as “Ditch New Year’s Resolution Day”.

Dinosaurs that could run using just two legs are referred to as bipeds.

Russia has the most man-made satellites in orbit with 1,324. There is a total of 2,271 and U.S. is in second place at 658.

The most difficult Chinese character requires 62 total strokes to write. The word itself, “biang” holds no meaning.

Fruit stickers are edible, though the same with any fruit, washing prior to eating is recommended. The glue used for them is regulated by the FDA.

A certain type of box jellyfish’s venom will make you feel a strong sense of anxiety and sense of impending doom, and possibly thoughts of suicide. These symptoms can last up to two weeks.

The island in Lake Bled is the only natural island in Slovenia.

In Switzerland, it is illegal to flush the toilet after 10pm.

If sheep have long tails when they are born, the tails are cut off in order to prevent infection.

The name for a collective group of rhinoceroses is called a crash.

Because of the Electoral College, a presidential candidate can win with only 23% of the popular vote.

There was a snail glued to a specimen card in the British Museum mid-1800s. It spent four years glued there before scientists realized it was still alive.

August 21st is Senior Citizen’s Day – a day to honor the older generation.

William Shakespeare had a curse engraved on his tombstone to prevent anyone from moving his bones.

Acetaminophen, one of the most popular pain-killers, restrains masculinity and dulls emotions. It had been rejected in 1887 for its side effects, then approved in 1955.

The Twenty One Pilots fan base is known as the Skeleton Clique.

A man who was hanged for his part in the Guy Fawkes Gunpowder Plot had his skin removed and it was used to bind a book that listed his offenses.

Valentine’s Day in South Korea is a little different. Only women give gifts, not men.